There has been yet another murder in the Shady city of Riverdale. This murder is being investigated by none other than the Riverdale's Finest- Jughead Jones & Betty Cooper. This murder has been done exactly in the same manner as all the murders happening since the return of the deadly game Gargoyle &Griffins. Betty has decided to put an end to these murders, so they decide to interrogate each and every person in the neighbourhood.
As they don't know these people personally they want to first get to know about their character i.e whether a particular person is a Truth−speaking−personTruth−speaking−person or a False−speaking−personFalse−speaking−person. Jughead devises a strategy of interrogating the civilians.
Jughead decides that they will collect statements from all the people in the neighbourhood about every other person living in the neighbourhood. Each person speaks a statement in form of an array consisting of TT and FF, which tells us what he thinks about the ithith person. Let there be NN people living in the neighbourhood. So if a person ii is giving his/her statement, he/her will always call himself/herself a True person i.e Statement[i]=TStatement[i]=T.
So Jughead says that they will select the maximummaximum numbernumber of people that maybe speaking the truth such that their statements don't contradict and then interrogate them further about the murder.
Help them pick the max no. of Truth speaking people.
NoteNote- A person speaking falselyfalsely doesn't mean that the complement of his statement would be the truthtruth. If a person is declared falsefalse(i.e not included in the set) after Betty and Jughead pick their set of truth speaking people with non-contradicting statements, the person declared false might not be speaking falselyfalsely about anyone(except saying he himself is a truetrue speaking person which contradicts with the selected statements) but since the selected Set of statements feels him to be a falsefalse speaking person he won't be included in the set. 
But if a person is tagged as truthtruth speaking person then their Statement must be entirely correct and should not contradict with the chosen set of truthtruth speaking people. All truthtruth speaking people mentioned in the selected statements should be part of the set and all the people declared falsefalse in the statements shouldn't be part of the set.
See example for clarity.
Input:

First line will contain NN, the number of people in the neighbourhood. Then the Statements of ithith person follow. 
Each Statement contains a single line of input, an array of length NN consisting of TT and FF.

Output:
Print a single line denoting the maximum no. of people that might be speaking the truth.
Constraints

1≤N≤10001≤N≤1000
StatementStatementii[i]=T[i]=T


                        Sample Input 1
                        





5
T T F F F
T T F F F
T T T F F
F F F T T
F F F T T



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2


Explanation
In Sample 1
We can consider the 1st1st and 2nd2nd person to be speaking the truth. We can also consider the 4th4th and the 5th5th person to be speaking the truth. 
NoteNote: we cannot select 1st1st 2nd2nd and 3rd3rd person because the 1st1st and the second person have labelled the 3rd person as a false speaking person, therefore if we select all 3 contradiction will arise.

                        Sample Input 2
                        





3
T T T
T T T
F F T



                        Sample Output 2
                        





1


Explanation
In sample 2
Set contains only the 3rd person



Author:
5★panik


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/GARGOYLE


Tags:

               
                 easy, panik, panik, pelt2019
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1861


Date Added:
25-12-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

