Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
Teams AA and BB are having a penalty shoot-out to decide the winner of their football match. Each team gets to take a shot NN times, and the team with the higher number of scored goals at the end wins. If the number of goals scored during the shoot-out by each team turns out to be the same even after all 2N2N shots, then they stop and agree that the result is a draw.
The two teams take shots alternately — team AA shoots first, then team BB shoots, then team AA and so on until team BB takes its NN-th shot (at which point each team has taken exactly NN shots). Even though all 2N2N shots are taken, the result of the shoot-out is often known earlier — e.g. if team AA has already scored N−1N−1 goals and team BB has missed at least two shots, team AA is definitely the winner.
For each shot, you know whether it was a goal or a miss. You need to find the earliest moment when the winner is known — the smallest ss (0≤s≤2N0≤s≤2N) such that after ss shots, the result of the shoot-out (whether team AA won, team BB won or the match is drawn) would be known even if we did not know the results of the remaining 2N−s2N−s shots.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer NN.
The second line contains a string SS with length 2⋅N2⋅N, where for each valid ii, the ii-th character is '0' if the ii-th shot was a miss or '1' if it was a goal.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the smallest ss such that after ss shots, the result of the shoot-out is known.
Constraints

1≤T≤1051≤T≤105
1≤N≤1051≤N≤105
SS contains only characters '0' and '1'
the sum of NN over all test cases does not exceed 106106


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
3
101011
3
100001



                        Sample Output 1
                        





4
6


Explanation
Example case 1: After four shots, team AA has scored 22 goals and team BB has scored 00 goals. Whatever happens afterwards, team AA is guaranteed to win, since even if team BB scored their last (and only) goal and team AA did not score their last goal, team AA would still win by 11 goal.
Example case 2: Team AA scores the first goal and after that, neither team scores any goals until the last shot. Up till then, there is always a possibility that the match could end in a draw if team BB scored a goal with its last shot, or in the victory of team AA if it was a miss. We can only guarantee the result after the last shot.



Author:
2★jatinngpl_adm


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PSHOT


Tags:

               
                 ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1735


Date Added:
13-02-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

